# Mountjoy3
Microsoft Excel Templates for Statistical Graphs
README FILE:
Instructions: On the https://github.com/jdunham76/Mountjoy3 page -

Step 1. Click on the Dunham Workbook Instructions file. Step 2. A box will appear, with a download button on the center-right side of the screen, click the button to download the file. The pdf file should open on your computer. The instructions will describe a series of Excel workbooks numbered 1 through 10. 
Step 3. Click the Code Icon on the Github page and this gets you back to the list of Excel Workbooks. Use the same steps to select and download each workbook. 
Step 4. Follow the instructions on the Dunham Workbook Instructions file, and use the spreadsheets to make your own statistical graphs.  

MIT License
An MIT License is attached to this set of Microsoft Excel Templates; it is intended to ensure free use of these original compositions and to prevent unscrupulous users from licensing them for profit. The following provides the details. Basically, you are free to use these for your research, and there is no need for you to reference me as the author of the workbooks. The statistical routines are standard and exist in the public domain. 
MIT License
Copyright (c) [2022] [John B. Dunham]
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to use the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, or modify the software and to publish graphs and data generated by the software.
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
